It is Christmas Eve.
Hands up!
Who wants to go and see Father Christmas?
Me! Me! Me!
Are we going to the North Pole?
Not quite that far, peppa.
But Father Christmas lives at the North Pole!
Lucky for us,
he's got a grotto at the Christmas Fair.
Peppa and George have come to visit Santa's grotto.
Hello, everyone!
Hello!
All aboard the elf train!
This way to Santa's Grotto!
Susie, what are you asking Father Christmas for?
I don't know! What are you asking for?
I would like a doll that walks and talks
and closes his eyes when it goes to sleep!
I will ask for that too.
How does father Christmas remember
what toys everybody wants?
He makes a list!
His sleigh must be very fast to go
around the whole world in one night!
It is a super sleigh!
Father Christmas is very old!
He is hundred years of old!
Even older than my daddy!
Laughing~
Santa's grotto!
Ho, ho, ho, hello everyone!
hello, Father Christmas!
Have you all been good?
Yes!
Have you all kept your bedrooms tidy?
Have you?
Ho, ho, ho, of course!
Now come and tell me what you would like for Christmas?
Woof, woof! Can I have a football, please?
A xylophone!
Giggling wings!
A magic set, please!
Racing car!
Bouncing ball! ! Ball!
A train, please!
A toy train.
Not a toy train, a real train.
One I can drive with real passengers.
Ho, ho, I will see what I can do. Is that everyone?
We have not seen you yet.
I am sorry, what is your name?
I am Peppa pig. We have met before!
yes, nice to see you again, peppa!
What would you like for Christmas?
I would like a doll that walks and talks
and closes its eyes when it goes to sleep, please!
Eh, the same for me, please!
Very good!
You do know where I live, don't you?
Oh, yes.
How old are you?
I am hundreds of years old.
I told you!
Goodbye, Father Christmas!
Don't forget to leave me a mince pie and……
and a drink, we know!
And carrots for the reindeer!
Ho ho ho!
Peppa and her family are driving back from the Christmas fair.
Daddy, why have we to go back of the car.
We are spending our Christmas at granny and grandpa's house!
But Father Christmas won't know where we are!
Don't worry peppa. Father Christmas knows everything!
Granny pig. It is nearly Christmas!
Yes! And I have got a very important job for you!
Stir the Christmas pudding and make a wish!
Peppa and George are making a wish!
Racing car!
Oh! Don't tell me what it is!
hehe
Here is mince pie and a drink for Father Christmas!
And a carrot for the reindeer!
The doorbell rings.
Who can that be at this time of night! We are not buying anything!
Merry joyful greetings first happy and cheer
Carol singers.
Merry(?) for you jangling(?) Christmas time's here.
Oh, merry Christmas.
It is bed time for peppa and George.
This used to be my bedroom when I was a little piggy.
Father Christmas knows where granny and grandpa live, doesn't he?
Oh yes, he has been here many times before.
Good night, Peppa. Good night, George.
Peppa and George have fallen to sleep.
When they wake up, it will be Christmas day.